Fix minor bugs in UG (#216)
AY2425S1-CS2103T-F12-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

Adds a person to the address book.

> Format: `add n/NAME (p/PHONE_NUMBER | e/EMAIL) [r/MODULECODE[-ROLETYPE]]+ [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]+ [d/DESCRIPTION]`

Reviewer: good catch!

* `PHONE_NUMBER` is almost a free-form text field with minimal validation. Refer to the [input format section](#input-format) to find out more.
* `MODULECODE` refers to a module code of a NUS module (e.g. CS1101S, MA1521)
* `ROLETYPE` refers to one of the following: `student`, `ta`, `tutor`, `prof`, `professor`.
* The `r/MODULECODE[-ROLETYPE]` parameter means that the person has the role for this module (e.g. `r/CS1101S-student` means that the person is a student of CS1101S).
* In `r/MODULECODE[-ROLETYPE]`, `[-ROLETYPE]` is optional. In such cases, this means that the person is a student of that module (e.g `r/MA1521` means that the person is a student of MA1521).
* If the same module is added multiple times, then it is assumed to be an error in user input, because a person should not have multiple roles (student, tutor, professor) at the same time (e.g. `r/CS1101S-student r/CS1101S-prof` is not allowed).
* `ADDRESS` can take any values and can not be blank.
* `TAG` can take any alphanumeric values and can not be blank.

> * `DESCRIPTION` can take any values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `DESCRIPTION` can take any values but cannot exceed 500 characters.
```

<box type="tip" seamless>

**Duplicate Handling:**

> A person is considered a duplicate if another person in the address book has the same email address or phone number. The app will prevent adding contacts with duplicate emails or phone numbers. 

Reviewer: 👍 Do you think we should mention the 2 checks only happen when the email or phone number of the person to be added is non-empty?

Author: I think should be fine, it is quite intuitive

If you wish to delete a `Student` role specifically, you must specify `r/-MODULE_CODE-Student` explicitly.
</box>

#### All other fields

Except for the module-role pairs, all other fields can only be edited by complete replacement.

Format: `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]+ [d/DESCRIPTION]`

* Edits the person at the specified `INDEX`. The index refers to the index number shown in the displayed person list. The index **must be a positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …​
* At least one of the optional fields must be provided.
* Existing values will be updated to the input values.
* When editing tags, the existing tags of the person will be removed i.e adding of tags is not cumulative.
* You can remove all the person’s tags by typing `t/` without
  specifying any tags after it.

> * Similarly, you can remove a person's description by typing `d/` without specifying any description after it.

Reviewer: Good!

* `find n/John n/Ben r/cs1101s r/ma1522` return all persons whose name are either John or ben, taking either CS1101S or MA1522
  ![result for 'find n/John n/Ben r/cs1101s r/ma1522'](images/findNameAndModuleExample.png)

<box type="info" seamless>

**Chained Find:**

> To search from the previously displayed results, use `find chained`.<br>
> Example: `find n/John` followed by `find chained n/Doe` will return all persons whose name contains `John` and `Doe`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To further filter the previous search results, use `find chained`.<br>
Example: `find n/John` followed by `find chained n/Doe` will return all persons whose name contains `John` and `Doe`.
```
